Update docs to reflect the changes made in #14789 (#15036)
chapel-lang/chapel: doc/rst/language/spec/records.rst

Default Comparison Operators
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> "Record comparisons have a similar behavior to tuple comparisons :ref:`tuple comparisons <_Tuple_Relational_Operators>`.

Reviewer: No leading underscore in the reference

> "Record comparisons have a similar behaviour to tuple comparisons (https://chapel-lang.org/docs/master/language/spec/tuples.html#relational-operators).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Record comparisons have a similar behavior to :ref:`tuple comparisons <_Tuple_Relational_Operators>`.
```

See `doc/rst/language/spec/tuples.rst` for that label to remove the open link in the doc. See `modules/internal/String.chpl:72` for an instance of these kind of references.

Also let's make it American English (behavior)

The operators >, >=, <, and <= check the corresponding lexicographical order based 

> on pair-wise comparisons between the arguments' fields components.

Reviewer: Drop "components"
